feat: new command sync options (#806)
DisnakeDev/disnake: changelog/806.deprecate.rst

> |commands| Deprecate the ``sync_commands``, ``sync_commands_debug``, and  ``sync_commands_on_cog_unload`` parameters of :class:`~disnake.ext.commands.Bot` and :class:`~disnake.ext.commands.InteractionBot`. These have been replaced with the ``command_sync`` parameter which takes a :class:`~disnake.ext.commands.ApplicationCommandSyncFlags` instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|commands| Deprecate the ``sync_commands``, ``sync_commands_debug``, and  ``sync_commands_on_cog_unload`` parameters of :class:`~disnake.ext.commands.InteractionBotBase` and relevant subclasses. These have been replaced with the ``command_sync`` parameter which takes a :class:`~disnake.ext.commands.ApplicationCommandSyncFlags` instance.
```

Author: InteractionBotBase is not a documented class, its an implementation detail.
